A computer program is a collection of instructions to perform a specific task. For this,a
computer program may need to store data, retrieve data, and perform computations on the data.


#Data Structure
A data structure is a named location that can be used to store and organize data. And, an 
algorithm is a collection of steps to solve a particular problem. Learning data structures
and algorithms allow us to write efficient and optimized computer programs.

#Algorithm
Algorithm is a step by step procedure, which defines a set of instructions to be executed in 
certain order to get the desired output. In term of data structures, following are the
categories of algorithms.

Search − Algorithms to search an item in a datastrucure.

Sort − Algorithms to sort items in certain order

Insert − Algorithm to insert item in a datastructure

Update − Algorithm to update an existing item in a data structure

Delete − Algorithm to delete an existing item from a data structure





#Data Definition
Data Definition defines a particular data with following characteristics.

Atomic − Definition should define a single concept

Traceable − Definition should be be able to be mapped to some data element.

Accurate − Definition should be unambiguous.

Clear and Concise − Definition should be understandable.

#Data Object
Data Object represents an object having a data.

#Data Type
Data type is way to classify various types of data such as integer, string etc. which determines the values 
that can be used with the corresponding type of data, the type of operations that can be performed on the
 corresponding type of data. Data type of two types −

Built-in Data Type

Derived Data Type

Built-in Data Type
Those data types for which a language has built-in support are known as Built-in Data types. For example,
 most of the languages provides following built-in data types.

Integers

Boolean (true, false)

Floating (Decimal numbers)

Character and Strings

Derived Data Type
Those data types which are implementation independent as they can be implemented in one or other way are
 known as derived data types. These data types are normally built by combination of primary or
  built-in data types and associated operations on them. For example −

List
Array
Stack
Queue

